# Slack Cypress Media Uploader

> Inspired by [Cypress Screenshot & Video Upload to Slack](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/cypress-screenshot-video-upload-to-slack).

This GitHub Action enables you to send screenshots or videos generated by Cypress directly to a specified Slack channel.

It utilizes the new Slack API, replacing the deprecated `files.upload` method.

## Inputs

### `token`

**(Required)** Slack bot token. For details, see [bot tokens](https://api.slack.com/concepts/token-types#bot).

1. Create a Slack app.
2. Navigate to `OAuth & Permissions` > `Scopes` > `Bot Token Scopes`, and add `chat:write` and `files:write scopes`.
3. Install the app into your Slack workspace.
4. Invite the bot to the channel where you want to send messages.
5. Retrieve the `Bot User OAuth Token` from the `OAuth & Permissions page`.
6. Add this token as a secret to your GitHub repository under `Settings` > `Secrets`.
7. Incorporate this action into your GitHub workflow YAML file.

### `github-token`

**(Required)** GitHub token to access pull request information.

### `channels`

**(Required)** The Slack channels where the messages will be sent.

### `workdir`

The directory where screenshots/videos are stored.

Default: `cypress`

### `message-text`

The message to be sent.

Default: `"The Cypress test in the workflow you just triggered has failed.\nPlease check the screenshots in the thread.👇🏻"`.

### `color`

The color of the quote line.

## Example usage

### Send all the time

```yaml
uses: Cynthiafan/slack-cypress-media-uploader@1.0.10
  with:
    token: ${{ secrets.SLACK_TOKEN }}
    github-token: ${{ secret.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
    channels: ''
```

### Send only when failed

```yaml
uses: Cynthiafan/slack-cypress-media-uploader@1.0.10
if: failure()
with:
  token: ${{ secrets.SLACK_TOKEN }}
  github-token: ${{ secret.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
  channels: ''
```
